Why didn't the little boss Mr. Lu come?
Who are you meeting?
You go down first
The people I want to meet will take the bait themselves
Beautiful woman alone
I'm waiting for you.
Ha ha.
Has anyone told you
You are very good for this young master
You throw yourself into your arms like this
Are you seducing me?
I want to make a deal with you
Song Yuchuan Song Best Actor knows?
The Song Best Actor who made a murder scandal
So you're going to help him?
I want him dead
Can you find me?
Must know that behind me is Orange Entertainment
Now it's capital
Fan media three-in-one for the best actor
Miss Tang is ruthless
I won't find you if I'm not cruel
My pay is very good
Mr. Xu, think about it
What should I do? I don't want money. Hmm.
I Want You
OK